https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-7779 bindingOverrides 2.9 (#5587)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: release_notes/whats_new.adoc

//2.9:6709
* You can use the `InformOnly` parameter to check the status of Kubernetes objects without enforcing a configuration policy, even if the parent policy `remediationAction` is set to `enforce`. See link:../governance/config_policy_ctrl.adoc#kubernetes-configuration-policy-controller[Kubernetes configuration policy controller] to learn more.

//2.9:1384

> * Overrides the remediation action for your bound policies by using the `bindingOverrides` parameter. For more information, see link:../governance/policy_overview.adoc#policy-yaml-table[Policy YAML table]. 

Author: ```suggestion
* Overrides the remediation action for your bound policies by using the `bindingOverrides` parameter. You can also use the `subFilter` parameter to select the bound policies. For more information, see link:../governance/policy_overview.adoc#policy-yaml-table[Policy YAML table]. 
```

> * Control the remediation action for your configuration policies by using the `bindingOverrides` parameter. For more information, see link:../governance/policy_overview.adoc#policy-yaml-table[Policy YAML table]. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Overrides the remediation action for your bound policies by using the `bindingOverrides` parameter. For more information, see link:../governance/policy_overview.adoc#policy-yaml-table[Policy YAML table]. 
```
Not only configuration policy, iam cert also applied
